Story 1
Worship is Love:

Page Outline


P1 
1 The new pastor arrive, a kind of arrogant and demanding pastor, with a head deacon knocking on our doors early in the morning while we are all prepping for work, they force they’re way a situation where you can’t say no anymore.


2 Told us some of his plans asking us all to go to the “emergency meeting. read a Bible verse about those who cannot leave things for Jesus is not worthy of him.

3 I don’t call it church, it doesn’t have a slight quality of what biblical church is, it can have the name as what they claim, it is the representstion  of the Animal Farm by George Orwell, but for decency and for the love and respect to many of my friends there, let me just call it the religion, for they don’t want be called a denomination, and their head councils claimed they’re the only true christian religion.

4 He told us that even meetings are worship, everything done inside the chapel is worship read another verse 

Hebrews 10:25 and treat is as command, which in context it is a reminder. And the meeting they have, thinking about it now is not actually fellowshiping but a meeting or a platform to release their proagsnda of recruitment.

He hardly knows us and he is demanding things alreaddy.


P2 Outline

1 ) Deliberately didn’t attend the emergency meeting that day, but went to attend the service at night. It was crowded, 

I thought I got lucky thst I am able to enter but regret it later
because the new Pastor goes on a tirade of attacks to the members , demanding everyone to hold office, citing verses that God will curse people who will say no.

The service goes lengthy, I regreted that I was in the main hall. It was
small and can be called out easily, as what he did to many who’s been sleeping or eyes closed  from exhaustion.

Telling the people to respect the sevice because we’re worshiping God. 

Looked at the watch and around, the sevice is much longer than usual and everyone is exausted.

the usual closing..

the Pastor told that many will need to Stay for extra lectures, 

i asked my self isnthis the worship



P3 Outline





P4 Outline









Outline

1 ) A New  Pastor, New Rules and the Oppressiveness of the Head Minister

x Abuse of Authority - Forced House Visit

x Hint of Tyranny 

x I don’t call it church, it doesn’t have a slight quality of what biblical church is, it can have the name as what they claim, it is the representstion  of the Animal Farm by George Orwell, but for decency and for the love and respect to many of my friends there, let me just call it the religion, for they don’t want be called a denomination, and their head councils claimed they’re the only true christian religion.

x All the Activities Mandated by group, denomination is Worship


2 ) The Lengthy Worship

x  I wish there is a way out from it, but I will be burned- 
“Is there a salvation outside?”

x when everyone is exausted insincere, just wanted the sermon to end. The heat in tropics.

x  Extending the service for the people outside. Dyning of the heat

“Is this worship?”


3 ) Opening Old wounds

x Branding people as fallen angels,
when they question or ask for financial transparency of the Religion

x 

x  Questioning the Head Minister or any minister is “Fighting with the Holy Spirit”


4 ) The Almost daily lengthy meeting to then point of sickness and death

x Worship is meeting,
x  Death of an Elderly
x “He finished his run” a sugar coating phrase when someone died in the service of the Religion.






1 ) When an Oppressive Self-Centered Pastor arrive, I’ve felt the oppresiveness of the Head Minister


Subplot: 
Authoritarian Doctrines like obedience to Authority

Imposing what’s worship is
and what is not:

Expelling people in public and telling, Outcasting them, telling people not to talk to them.

Idea to Explore:: Worship is Love


Are you letting the people experience the kingdom of God when you do something like this?

Will you allow that kind of thing to happen when you know he/she is created in the image of God.

Will you allow that to happen to your own son and daughter?




